	Team 2840 Programming Style Guide

This is a short document describing the preferred coding style for the
PCDS robotics team (FRC Team 2840).  Much of this document is
shamelessly plagiarized from the linux kernel coding style guide.


		Chapter 1: Indentation

Tabs are 8 characters, and thus indentations are also 8 characters.
There are heretic movements that try to make indentations 4 (or even 2!)
characters deep, and that is akin to trying to define the value of PI to
be 3.

Rationale: The whole idea behind indentation is to clearly define where
a block of control starts and ends.  Especially when you've been looking
at your screen for 20 straight hours, you'll find it a lot easier to see
how the indentation works if you have large indentations.

Now, some people will claim that having 8-character indentations makes
the code move too far to the right, and makes it hard to read on a
80-character terminal screen.  The answer to that is that if you need
more than 3 levels of indentation, you're screwed anyway, and should fix
your program.

In short, 8-char indents make things easier to read, and have the added
benefit of warning you when you're nesting your functions too deep.
Heed that warning.

Outside of comments and documentation spaces are never used for
indentation.


		Chapter 2: Braces

Braces should follow the Allman style which puts the brace associated
with a control statement on the next line, indented to the same level
as the control statement. Statements within the braces are indented to
the next level.

while (x == y)
{
    something();
    somethingelse();
}
 
finalthing();


		Chapter 3: Naming

Variables should begin with a lower case letter.  Variable names made
of compound words should be in CamelCase with the first letter of the
variable name in lower case (shooterPosition, for example).

Using underscores ("_") is discouraged.  Hungarian notation is
discouraged as modern IDE's make the variable type easily known.

CLASSES should be in all uppercase letters.



		Appendix I: References

Linux kernel coding style
Linux Torvalds
URL: https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/CodingStyle

Indent Style
Wikipedia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indent_style#Allman_style

CamelCase
Wikipedia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CamelCase